# File-cleaner-and-Quiz-generator
Python3

cleanblanks.py
This program is not object orientated and therefore has no defined functions. For a given
input text file, it just filters out the blank ones by seeing if they consist of only the indent string:
”\n”. Then it writes the result line by line to an output file.
To run this program: cleanblanks.py <input_file_name.txt> <output_file_name.txt>


cleanheader.py
This program is not object orientated and therefore has no defined functions. It just cuts
out the header of the input file. The method behind is that everything uptil the string “ACT 1” is
removed. By the way, the very first line of the file has the play’s name in it which is also parsed
out and written into the output file as the title.
To run this program: cleanheader.py <input_file_name.txt> <output_file_name.txt>


cleandirections.py
This program is not object orientated and therefore has no defined functions. It cuts out
the directions of the data text. This is done by at first locating “[“ in the strings. Then the
program starts deleting the text data adter it until “]” is reached.
To run this program: cleandirections.py <input_file_name.txt> <output_file_name.txt>


cleanfooter.py
This program is not object orientated and therefore has no defined functions. For a given
input text file, it just deletes the last two lines. Then it writes the result line by line to an output
file.
To run this program: cleanfooter.py <input_file_name.txt> <output_file_name.txt>cleansongs.py

cleansongs.py
This program is not object orientated and therefore has no defined functions. For a given
text, this function doesn’t write out the lines which have a blank space as the very first character
and in all caps.
To run this program: cleansongs.py <input_file_name.txt> <output_file_name.txt>


shakespearequiz.py
This program consists of 3 functions: main(), printQuestion(), and readPlay(). readPlay()
takes an input named “file_name” which is generated by main(). printQuestion() takes in 6
parameters as input named “play”, “actIndex”, “sceneIndex”, “characterName”, “lineIndex”, and
“questionNum” all of which are generated in main().

The program plays a quiz with the user. main() calls readPlay() and printQuestion() to
play their respective roles. main() accepts the file name of the play’s text file as a command line
parameter. Then it passes it along to the readPlay() function. readplay’s purpose is to return back
a the data in a processable format. The readPlay() function reads it line by line and stores. It then
cuts that stored data into a list at the word “ACT”. Then it iterates though this list-each iteration
instance represents an act. Each act is further cut it scenes at the word “SCENE”. Then each
scene is interated through and a dictionary with the character’s names as keys is compiled
together. This is followed by some processing of the scene instances where the dialogues of each
character are added into the dictionary. This resulting dictionary is then returned and is stored in
a variable in main. main() reads the name of the play and prints it. This is followed by an infinite
while loop. Random act numbers, scene numbers, character names, and dialogue numbers are
generated. These are then passed onto the printQuestion() function. printQuestion() prints out a
quiz and returns the correct answer back to the main(). This is followed by user inputs (while
loops are used until the correct type of input is obtained).


To run this program: shakespearquiz.py <A_Clean_Play_file.txt>
